[Music]
on the
glass beauty.
I love
everything
you know.
[Music]
me of the homesick. Finding woman feels
this longing for the wall and the love
of the life of the lonely
soul of the homeis.
[Music]
Star
me dream.
[Music]
Did you know
it every
[Music]
me
explor.
[Music]
Feels heat.
Give me that
mercury. Give me that mercury.
Give me that mercury.
Huh?
Mercury.
Give me that mercury.
[Music]
Huh?
Give me that mercury.
Mercury.
Huh?
Give me that mercury.
Mercury.
Huh? Give me that mercury.
[Music]
I
messaged last
night. I'm
still
out cleaning up the viruses that you
I think I'm falling in love
again. Don't stop until you hear I'm the
internet fighting on my
love this
[Music]
No drop for
you. No. No drop for you. No drop. So
sad. No, it's fine.
[Music]
Oh man, my Spotify broke. That's crazy.
Thanks, Aie.
[Music]
Meow meow meow with a meow meow meow
meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow
meow meow meow meow meow
meow my generation
And they won't try to change.
[Music]
Okay,
I'll let the song play out.
[Music]
Can we listen to Kitty Cat? Is it on
Spotify yet?
[Music]
But this let the colors fly you think
it's because it's not your
[Music]
life about life.
3.
[Music]
Sorry,
Azy. Yeah, this bit is very reminiscent
of my 2015 era of music. I did that kind
of like piano outro a lot. Let's see.
First, let me release my characters.
my characters are
released and
then I want to say something really
quickly. So
like I don't know what it was in 2015. I
really liked doing like little piano
outros like
that. Uh, is it still said hello every
um, let me let me go here really
quickly. Can we still see the everyone
still see the thing? Yeah, we can. Okay.
Um, I think the first thing I did it in,
man, I don't know. I was going to say
art and cadency, but I didn't do it in
art and cadency. I did it in like
equality like
here. So at the end of equality it's
like this.
What else did I do it in? I wonder if I
did it in something
earlier. Something in Winter's End,
maybe. I have no
idea. Uh, probably not a Winter's
End. I did it a lot in the
past. I just can't I'm having a hard
time
remembering with Starcross. That's a
question.
No, not
Starcross.
Uh, man, that is a question. What about
letter and
Reququum? No, no. Piano Outron Letter
and
Reququum. I mean, Wanderer probably.
That's not Wanderer.
Why did it start playing that instead of
wanderer? It was It was similar. It
wasn't with a piano, but I was doing
something
similar
here. No one on ser uh flying
kites. Yeah. Did this on flying kites.
[Music]
This gets
slower. What else would it have been on?
I mean, Destin Fatal Flaw is just a
piano solo itself, so maybe this counts.
Oh, did I do it in Little Dreams? Yeah,
Little
Dreams with the same
piano. Did I do it in Song of Home? No,
that was different. Don't replace her.
No, I am brave is just piano. Great
unknown I do
here. I did a slow down thing, but I
didn't do the piano
thing. Sure.
Um Oh, love letters. Well, love letters
is a lot of piano. I don't know if this
counts cuz it's less EDM
now.
Uh yeah, I was doing a bunch in like
2015, 2016 and then it like went away
and I started to bring it back again.
I don't know if I started bringing it
back for fairy tales or whatever, but
I'm having a hard time remembering
specific sections of
songs, but yeah, I brought it for the
the
remix, same piano and
everything, which is cool. And then I've
been doing it more again
like probably on girl well in girls for
wizards I probably
did. Do I do it here? No, we didn't do
it here on a
dragon. I wouldn't I don't think that
counts. What about girls who are
wizards?
No.
[__] No, not here either. Damn. I'm
like not
remembering. Oh
well. Well, we're bring it on revenge
fantasy,
man. Like this isn't really the same
thing cuz this is like an act me
actually playing
piano whereas the other ones were like
programmed like written in MIDI and then
like slowed down. Whereas it's not as
impressive to slow down just your
playing in general because you you just
do it immediately. Whereas when you're
writing MIDI, it's a little bit of an
ass to try and do like speed changes and
stuff. So that's why it's a little bit
more interesting that way, I
guess.
Um, cool. Well, welcome to stream. We're
actually not gaming today. I decided
we're just going to [__] around music
today cuz I haven't done that in a bit.
I want to finish the Bart thing at some
point, but I need to like have the
energy for that and I have very low
energy today. So, we're just like we're
just chilling. We're just doing
whatever.
Um, but before we do that, we do
whatever this
is. Is that invasion?
Nice. Two fairy tales. Is this the bard?
Nice.
Okay. When I closed my eyes, I know
that's probably insane.
That's no matter what.
2019.
Nice. That's all we get, right? Because
we just did the one yesterday. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. So, okay. Hi. New tab. New
Hello. Okay. Okay. That was
unusual. I have played Ponytown
before. Oh, I say that like I've played
it a couple times. I used to play
Ponytown quite a bit. I don't really
anymore, but um every now and
then. Um who are we going to hear today?
Well, for those who don't know, Serum 2
just came out, which is a sequel to
Serum the
Synthesizer. Like Serum's back in a big
way. Like this thing is crazy.
Um, and we can do some really crazy
things with them. Obviously, we have
normal subtractive synthesis.
[Music]
Like, my mic is really loud. Hold
on.
Uh, where's my thing? I really need to
like use a compressor or something.
Oh, I
can. How do I preview
it? Fab
filter. Let's do
C2. Okay, let me turn on monitoring
really
quickly because I can't hear myself
right
now. Test.
Okay, I
can
filters. There's a lot of
latency. Test test.
Test. Okay, I'm think I'm compressed
right now. Am I
compressed? Let's make this pleasant and
nice.
We can also put a
gate. Am I sounding awesome right
now? Properties don't have the filters.
Does this is this adding echoey and
call? Yeah, that's because you can hear
my OBS.
Okay.
Yeah. I'm going to try and get rid of
the fan now. Let's
do I don't want to do just a straight
noise gate. I just want
to Okay, let's
do nectar. I like the nectar
gate. Is that not here? Oh, cuz it's
just Uhhuh.
Okay. I guess we can just use the fab
filter gate and just see how that
works. Let's put that
before
test. It's my
fan. Okay. Can Does this pick up like
when I'm speaking quietly? It sort of
picks it up when I'm speaking
quietly, but
Let me do change this to vocal and
maybe
something. I am getting slightly
stripped of my vocal cords.
I'll do my the space lac's crunch method
on the fan. You can hear me when I'm
speaking though, right? Just the noise
floor is being his little
misbehaving
test. It's
like what fre Maybe I may do a side
chain.
Uh
uh. Okay, that's clearly not working.
I should try
and I should be setting this up now. I
should have done this
earlier. I don't want the fan in. Okay,
I'm going
to thinking with my big fat brain right
now.
I could just I could
just pick up when I'm speak quietly.
Okay. When I speak quietly, it just does
not like that.
I think for now maybe I just turn off my
fan, but I have no
idea that it's so hot in
here. Like this setting works unless I'm
speaking quietly and sometimes I need to
speak quietly because dynamics are
wonderful.
Let's Let's see if I can just
just like maybe this works. Does this
work? Can you guys hear me?
Reasonably not cutting out too much. I'm
trying the side chain and I think it's
working.
I just wish I had the the neutron gate,
but that's not showing up in my
VST2 list of plugins. Probably because
it's just
VST3. While I'm here, I may as well add
like a DSer and some EQ just for
fun. Property not filters. God damn it.
I like hearing you say letters.
Q R S T U
V. Thank
you. Oh, can we rename this? Yes, we
can. I'm like actually adding just like
mixing plugins to my
OBS. That's what's going on right now.
So, let's um because I'm listening to my
voice through OBS right now, I'm like
maybe this could be a little brighter
here. We could take out some of the low
end here. Maybe add this here and make
me sound a little bit more the way I
sound in my
head. And then maybe get rid of some of
this. Something like that. Can I please
turn off the bass on my mic? Yeah, I can
do that right now if you want me to.
Does that work?
And then let's do I keep clicking on
properties instead of filters. And then
I we'll just add a DSER just for
fun. The DSER will make my sounds less
harsh. Let's see how that sounds. The
moment I apply this right now, it's now
it should now be softening my S
sounds and it makes it more pleasant to
listen to.
With mixing, a lot of the time you're
trying to like balance creative control
over the voice sounds and also making it
sound more realistic to real life cuz
microphones don't reflect the perfect in
real life sound or anything. Okay, I'm
going to turn off monitoring on my end.
I'm assuming everything sounds fine for
you
guys. So, I can't hear my my monitor
anymore. If something's wrong with my
microphone, let me know. But this should
make it easier to hear
me even if I'm speaking quietly or if
I'm speaking
loudly. Theoretically, if I'm speaking
quietly, it should make me louder. If
I'm speaking louder, it should make me
quieter.
So, theoretically, this should also make
it easier for me to sing live on stream
because it won't be clipping to all
hell. Okay. Again, if there's any
problems with my microphone, let me
know.
Anyway, serum two, we have our
subtractive
synthesis and of course our wave table
synthesis with like
[Music]
[Applause]
But they've also added other synthesis
types like granular spectral. We can use
it as a sampler. Why don't we try
that? Trying out these new I don't think
these have what I'm looking for.
[Music]
But let's
try for fun. Do we get like
Like we can use able uh serum as a
sampler now.
[Music]
There.
Oh, that's really cool sounding. How's
it sound in
mono? Not bad, actually.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. All
right, this is kind of fun.
[Music]
u you
you new you you new you you new you you
new you you new you you new you you new
you new
[Music]
Oh, that's kind of
nice. Let's put a pan in.
[Music]
It's like 2007 dubstep.
Let me get like some of those other
harmonics in there.
[Music]
Question is, do you keep it subbing or
make it
mid-range? Try mid-range.
Oh, that's right. There's no bet modes
with this.
That's very coy.
Yeah, not
bad. Where's the swap button? Oh, there
we
go.
Oh, okay. That's not what I was
expecting to happen,
but Okay, sure. Why not?
Let's get this on
[Music]
fire. It's so like whimsical dub step.
You need like an offbeat stab like I was
going to be like what if we can I just
go dig for some stabs. I'm like what if
we just make one? That'd be kind of fun,
right? Make our own
stab maybe from scratch too. I was about
to pull out a library but like we're
doing we're doing serum 2 right now. Why
don't we just make our own stab? Let's
let's set this a sine wave really
quickly before I do anything.
That's our stab chord. Isn't that our
stab chord? Okay, let's do something
fun. [__] it. What if we just do FM? Cuz
now we have full FM in here instead of
just uh phase modulation. So, let's
do FM from B. Change this to maybe
[Music]
there. That's a good organ sound,
right? Oh, that's envelope 3.
[Music]
I'm going to
use this really
[Music]
quick. And this also has it down filter
mode. out
[Music]
here. Hey
Envelope one here master tune
[Music]
right for fun. What if I give this some
bend?
That's on tear. Why
[Music]
not? There we go. That's some organ
[__]
Let's
[Music]
say maybe
There's also a random panning in D-tune
mode. So, we can do
this. Sounds really nice. Now, I'm going
to take off the delay and let's resample
this.
That one works, I
think. So, take this off. And then we'll
put this
boom right
here. I kind of didn't realize how boxy
this sounded.
So now we can put the dub delay back
on. Let's put this to BBD
mode so we get that
[Music]
effect. And for this fourth one, we
pitch it down by one semmitone. So we
get this effect. This is going to sound
so
cool. Yes. Yes.
Yes. All right. Let's see if I can get
some better gain staging here.
I don't know.
[Music]
I think that's
better. Just a little bit of like I'm
going in a separate EQ. Let me probably
just clean this up
[Music]
here. I want more of that frequency,
too. I'm going to change this to like
this. And then let's maybe fix some of
this cuz that's a little bit too much.
Change this again to a weird slope just
for
[Music]
fun. We have more headroom for this low
end.
Now weird curve, but it
works. No, that's fine.
[Music]
Okay, so now question is, do we do
like classic dubstep drums or
[Music]
like new school dubstep
drums? I try both. See what
happens. I have this one from
[Music]
What is it called? I think
it's I had this on the last time I did
music on stream. I
think Yeah,
[Music]
this are so hard
though. That's cool.
[Music]
Oh.
Oh, that's kind of hard.
[Music]
has a weird like intrusive sub here. I
wonder if I could fix that here with
like with one of these with like a
slower
attack. Yeah, sure.
[Music]
And then like some
like high hats in there.
[Music]
Let's see. Can I make it out of
this? Like that that like
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Hey,
hey, hey.
[Music]
I want to make these sound tiny and
disgusting.
[Music]
Not a chance.
Just for fun, let's get the uh
[Music]
Oh, that
rhythm. Why not a spring reverb? This is
data step after
all. Oh [__] that's kind of crazy.
[Music]
Maybe uh spring on this too.
That's nice.
[Music]
Hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
[Music]
1. 1 2 3.
That's so mystical.
[Music]
[Applause]
Hey, hey, hey.
[Music]
need like dub
vocal. Look, I have uh let's go to prime
loops. Do I have that? Yes, I do. And
then here. Oh my god. Yeah. Check these
out now. All my dogs in the place with
gats by their waist ready. We don't
true. We don't give a [__] what you say,
what you think. Cuz right about now, my
dogs, we're on the brick. True gangsters
don't speak. You can't [__] with the
street when I drop a freestyle for a
while. Yo, we can never clash. But
you're really battle me. You must be
silly. This room's going haste every
time I talk. Militant flows. Militant
flow. You're true champion. Cuz I'm a
true true become a true mate champion.
You think that's nasty, pal. You think
that's what son? You two-faced [__]
[__]
off, bad boy. You ain't a gangster.
Gangster. Who's a [__] gangster
there? Gangsters. St. Thank you very
much. And good night. F. And [__] you.
Oh, there's that one. That's the one
from uh from Rock and Roll. And [__]
you. [__] you. It's all bang bang. Two
keys of your the good stuff. The good
stuff. What about crazy phrases? Come
on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on.
Come Come on. Come on. Drop. Drop. Drop.
Rinse me. Rinse.
Man, boy. DJ. DJ. DJ. DJ. Like DJ. Why
did this Why did this devolve just like
DJ DJ? Like I can get like DJ. Sure.
That's fine. DJ. Okay. DJ, dude. DJ,
stop it.
DJ boy, lick it down.
Wan weapon lang man material all the way
back to real plate plate plate. Oh
that's the classic plate plate plate
real plate your soul is to blame
like okay I was totally off my [__]
face is a [__] nightmare you ain't
seen [__] you think now this put the
raving ecstasy unsteady Hold on. Can we
get the
um [__] love these? Everyone needs to
have these. Your soul is to blame. Can
we get the
uh these? When you hear the rhythm,
start to move. Are you ready? If you'd
all like to move to the D, you've got to
feel the music. Do you understand? You
guys just need to hear this amazing new
beat that's happening.
This shit's about to drop. Original B
boy song. Let the rhythm hold tight.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Sorry.
Put up the tune. This one doesn't want
to work. This rock and roll. Say it with
me. DJ play. Do it. The youngsters
playing techno and acid party all night.
The youngsters playing techno and acid
potty all night. Crazy. The youngsters
playing techno and acid potty all night.
Ladies and gentlemen, break down. Can
you dig in? Are you ready for the base?
Rewind and come again. Get into such a
good Here we go. You know, s we play the
biggest baddest tune them.
Yow
yeah. Hold
on. Hold
on. Make a new
one. Oh, wait. That's the wrong one.
Yo yo yo yo yo yo.
Yeah.
Yow. Yow. Yow.
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
Yeah.o
Yeah. Yo
yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo
yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
Yes.
Yoow.
yoyo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo Yeah.
Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
[Applause]
Blacko yo yo yo yo.
Blacky
black
[Music]
yeah.
Blackow
yeah down.
Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
[Music]
Black
down. Down. Down. Down. Down. Down.
Down. Down. Down. Down. Down. Down.
Down.
Down down down down down down
down down down down down down down down
down down down down down
down down down
[Music]
down
Down down down down down down down down
down down down down down down down down
down down down down
[Music]
down down down down down down down down
down down down down down down
down down down down down
down go down go down go down go down go
down
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
[Music]
Blackow.
Get
[Music]
me ready.
The
mother
nobody
Yeah,owowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowow
yeahowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowow
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat. Heat.
Down down down down down down down down
down down down down down down down down
down down down
down down
[Music]
Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo.
[Music]
Blackoyo yo yo yo yo yo.
Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
[Music]
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
yowoo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo ya.
Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
[Music]
yo yo yo yo
Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo.
[Music]
Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo
yow ya yow yow yow yo yo yo yo yo yo
Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
[Music]
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
[Music]
Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
[Music]
Yeah, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo.
Yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo
Yeah. Yo yo yo yo yo.
[Music]
Yoow yo yo yo
yo yo. Yeah.
[Music]
Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo.
Yeah.
Heat. Heat. Heat.
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Applause]
Yeah,
warm. Heat. Heat.
Wow.
Yeah.
Heat. Heat. Heat.
Oh my
god.
Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
Heat.
Heat. Yeah.
[Music]
Yeah. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Yo
yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
[Music]
1. V 1
Yo yo yo yo yo
[Music]
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
beat.
[Music]
Blackowy. Yeah.
Blacko yo yo.
[Music]
Black
yeah. Yeah.
[Music]
Yoow
Wow.
Wow. Wow.
[Music]
That's a growl.
Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
[Music]
Yeah.
Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
[Music]
Yeah, yo yo yo yo yo yo.
What? Yeah.
Blacko.
[Music]
Black
hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
hey
[Music]
Hey, hey, hey.
Hop.
[Music]
Pop. Hey, hey, hey.
Yeah.
[Music]
Blackow yeah
down it
out.
Blacko [__]
[Music]
I'm just curious what happens if I put
I This is not going to sound good. I
just have a stupid idea.
[Music]
What if what if with
uh help my
brain [__] map? Am I broken?
[Music]
Yeah. Get that
[__] Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo.
[Music]
Damn it. Petra map is like like
crack. Just can't keep doing that.
[Music]
So I have I have buffer override in
here. Why don't we just have fun with
this really quickly?
[Music]
Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo.
Am I not on the whole thing?
[Music]
Let me just do The surf
fun. This is the hold tone. When you get
on the phone,
when you call me and I put you on hold,
it sounds like
this.
[Music]
Black. Yeah.
that
[Music]
[__]
Black [__]
[Music]
Black.
Yeah, yeah,
yeah.
[Music]
Yeah, heat.
Black.
[Music]
Yeah, who and why?
Oh, bye
[Music]
as we
Black. Black.
[Music]
Black. Yo yo yo.
Yeah. Black.
[Music]
Black. Black.
Black down.
[Music]
Blacko. Yo.
Can I get the
uh what What?
[Music]
Hey, hey, hey.
I also need like really like clangy clap
sample.
[Applause]
Oh, wait. What if
[Music]
we Hey
yo, take the take the clap and instead
replace it in this section with this,
[Music]
right?
Is this kind of [__] crazy?
[Music]
Black.
What? What?
[Music]
Yoow. What?
What?
[Music]
Yeah.
What? What?
[Music]
What?
What? What?
[Music]
Black. What?
What? What?
[Music]
I'm going to get my Where is
my idea for something?
[Music]
What? What?
What?
[Music]
Also, we have a new tag in here, by the
way. We have a new
[Music]
tag. Let's Let's use the tag here.
Yeah. Here we go. Here's our new tag.
Let's put this in our
[Music]
Our whole team at Air Crush is rocking
out to the
[Music]
track.
Our whole team at Air Crush is rocking
out to the track.
Black.
[Music]
This is crazy. Our whole team at Air
Crush is rocking out to the track.
[Music]
[__] Can we do like a little bit of the
air?
Our whole team at Air Crush is rocking
out. Our whole team at Air Crush is
rocking. Our whole team at Air Crush is
rocking out to this track. Our whole
team at Air Crush. Our whole team at Ear
Crush is rocking out to the track.
Our whole team at Ear Crush is rocking
out. Our whole team at Ear Crush is
rocking out the track.
[Music]
What? Black.
What? What?
What?
[Music]
Black.
What? What?
[Music]
idea. Do we sample this?
Whoa. Wait, what?
[Music]
Why is that kind of fire? Hi,
Dishy. I was thinking of maybe putting
one of the Dishy tags in here. We have a
whole collection now.
Okay, but what I needed this for is cuz
to to do the vid voice,
it's six semmitones up. So, you pitch
the song six semmitones down.
That's how you do it. So that's like
that's like a
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm
a giant
clam. I'm a giant clam.
And you put that here. And then you
speed that up. But wait, does are we
doing this way? Oh, no. We need to
do Sorry, I need to do this.
Oh, that's a little too low.
I'm a giant clam. I'm a giant clam. I'm
a giant clam.
And then you drag it over here.
There you go. Now, let's put the
autotunes on it and say, what do we say
here? We're I think we're in E minor.
So, we just
go E minor. Like
that.
[Music]
Let's try another tag.
I'm a giant clam. I'm a giant clam. I'm
a giant
[Music]
clam. I'm a giant clam. I'm a giant
clam.
[Music]
Now, let's record this again.
And then
Giant clam. I'm a giant clam. I'm a
giant
clam. I'm a giant clam. I'm a giant
clam. Let's duplicate this and do I'm a
giant clam. I'm a giant clam. I'm a
giant
[Music]
clam. I don't know if I like this.
It's hard to do the I have to be quiet
cuz people are sleeping.
[Music]
I'm
a I'm a clin
[Music]
I'm a I'm a giant clown. I'm a I'm
a clown. I'm a
clown. I'm a queen. I'm a queen.
Our whole team at Air Crush is rocking
out the track.
[Music]
coming.
you. Should I save this? I'll save this.
calling it clam crunk core.
[Music]
Do a little glitch here.
Yeah. Black.
[Music]
Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo.
This is really fun. This is like really
[Music]
Take it down.
Oh, that's that's a melody.
[Music]
Yeah. Yeah.
Blackow
[Music]
Yeah. Yo.
Yeah.
[Music]
I pissed it up a little bit extra.
might get like slightly out of tune with
the song. It actually might sound like
cool that way.
[Music]
weird idea for like a faux side chain
where it goes like
No, not you.
[Music]
That's really cool. That's like weird
tension to it.
Counter melody on harmony on the right
side.
[Music]
Maybe you could just be like hitting
like this.
[Music]
Want more like crunch on that top end.
Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo.
[Music]
Mhm. That's still spawning.
Yo
[Music]
yo
idea idea.
[Music]
Yeah.
You
clean
you cleaner.
[Music]
I'm a
giant. I'm a
giant clam.
[Music]
What's clear?
And then let's do
[Music]
Where do I pick
up? All
[Music]
right, let's try something weird.
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Applause]
Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Applause]
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[Applause]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Laughter]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Applause]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Heat.
[Applause]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Applause]
Ow.
[Music]
[Applause]
Ow. Heat.
[Music]
[Applause]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Yo yo
yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo.
[Applause]
[Music]
Yeah, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo.
Yo yo
yo
[Applause]
yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo y
[Music]
[Applause]
Yo yo
[Music]
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
Yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo
[Music]
yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo
[Music]
yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo
[Music]
[Applause]
Blackow yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
[Music]
Yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo
[Music]
yo
yo yow.
[Music]
[Applause]
Yellow
[Music]
down. Woo!
Yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo Black.
[Applause]
[Music]
Our whole team at Air Crush is rocking
out the track.
[Music]
YouTube, don't crucify me for what I'm
about to
do. Oh, shout out Dishy and chat lessons
for you or
something. You too. Please don't crucify
me.
Annoying.
Annoying. Annoying [__]
YouTube, don't crucify me. I'm allowed
to annoying [__]
Oh [__] that timing. What the
hell? Do you hear
that? Annoying
[__] Annoying [__]
[Music]
Guys, is this the song of the summer or
what? Actually, that can go on the
vocals.
Yo
yo beam
[Music]
beam annoying [__]
beam annoying so loud. Annoying annoying
[__] beam.
[Music]
Fair. Our whole team at Aircraft. Can we
get my favorite riser in here? My
all-time favorite riser. Shout out
Cataclysm for the riser you made
like 12 years ago that I've still been
using.
[Music]
Annoying [__]
[Applause]
beam.
[Music]
[Applause]
Our whole team at Air Crush is rocking
out the track.
[Music]
you. Look at you.
Annoying [__]
[Music]
[Applause]
beo yo yo yo yo yo
Yo yo yo
[Applause]
yo yo yo
yo you.
[Music]
Annoying [__] beow.
[Applause]
Black. Black.
[Music]
Oh, you ready for this [__] Hold
up. You're not ready for this [__]
[Music]
Where?
Black. Black.
[Music]
Black down black down black down.
down.
[Music]
No, it's not a splice as a ranger. I'm
literally just performing this in the
sample browser because scrolling through
a sample
is up and down. Replaying it is left
button. So, it's just
[Music]
Okay.
Anyway, Double
down. Down.
Yo yo yo yo
[Applause]
yo down black down black
down up down up down up down black down
down black down black down black down
black down black down black down black
black yeah black yeah black yeah black
yeah black yeah black yeah down down
[Music]
I wish my I wish my ne son could produce
club bangers, but he's useless. I hate
him.
Oh, that's a
sentence. That's a really really good
sentence, man. That's
that's nice work.
[Music]
All right. What if we throw what if we
throw a raga twins a capella in here? I
can turn my fan back on. I just
realized that that's what's going to be
in
See what we got here. We're at 105. Why
not see them
coming from all
over you
know you see the rock twins when we come
to the place we bring forth the
pressure. Hey, you know say RTC bring
the pleasure. People come in any
weather. Hey weather. This is rocket.
This is not rocket. This is rock bomb
right back.
Okay. That's that might be
it. Change this to one,
right? Just to do
[Music]
this. Hey
girl and drop the anchor
she said push it further when push
further she murder that time it's all
over the
rock
[Music]
pip and Drop the Can we also get the
adlibs in here? Just these.
Oh, I can just duplicate these and
say to this one. And then what is this
down by one?
Pull
over the ship and drop the anchor.
I just like mix other adlibs in here.
That' be
interesting. Say 94.
Come on.
See this.
[Music]
I feel like a delay on this.
the
[Music]
girl get the stabs in here as well.
Complex Pro here. Timber 108. And then
we say one down.
[Music]
murder. We take the beat away from
here. this and then take
away this.
[Music]
Oh yeah, that's the [__] Oh yeah,
that's crazy. This [__] thing is
crazy. What's going on?
Our whole team at Crush is rocking out
to the track.
[Music]
Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo you.
[Music]
Annoying [__]
beam. Yo yo yo yo
[Applause]
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo.
[Music]
[Applause]
Black
[Music]
girl
over the ship and
[Music]
scream further.
What the hell? What is happening?
All right, let's see something like we
can turn we can turn Dishy down a little
[Music]
bit and then we can take this base and
maybe see if we can game stage a little
bit better. Let's try and
[Music]
Yo yo yo yo yo.
Yo yo yo yo yo
[Applause]
[Music]
yo yo yo yo
[Applause]
yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo.
[Applause]
Annoying [__]
[Music]
beam. Let's do this.
have that little like like air sucking
reverb type thing makes the energy feel
a little bit crazier.
[Applause]
Yeah.
[Music]
[Applause]
down.
[Music]
Black coffee.
[Applause]
[Music]
The girl come
back
over the ship and drop the anchor. She
scream further. Push it further. By
murder at that time, you know it's all
[Music]
over
the pull
over the ship and drop the anchor.
She said push it further. Let me push it
further.
[Music]
I have the uh
of the top five videos because this pony
became the crunky champion. How? By
getting the quick scope all day and
playing with the bus. Stop whispering to
the fishy. Fishy will just tell you to
open up the cans. Stop opening the cans.
This is the way. Stop whispering to the
fishy. Fishy will just tell you to open
up the cans. Stop opening the cans. This
is the way. Bring out the juicer to sing
about the happy life. Hop in the violet
pony. The Hop in the Violet pony. The
music never stops. No. This way you fry
the
fishy. Hop in the violet
pony. Hop in the
violet. Hop in the violet
pony. Hop in the violet
pony. Hop in the violet pony.
Hop in the violet
pony. Hop in the
violet. Hop in
the hop in the violet
pony. Hop in the pony. Hop in the
hop. Hop
[Music]
[Applause]
in. Hop in the violet pony. Hop in the
violet
pony. Hop in the
violet. Hop in the violet. The violet
pony. Hop in the violet pony.
Hop. Hop in the violet
pony. Hop in
the hop in the pony.
Hop in the violet
pony. Hop in the violet
pony. Hop in the violet pony. Hop in the
violet pony. Hop in the violet pony. Hop
in the violet
pony. Hop in the pony. Hop in the Up in
the Violet Bunny. In the Violet Bunny.
Up in the Up in the Violet Bunny. Up in
the Violet Bunny. Bunny. Up in the
bunny. Hop in the
[Music]
bunny. In the bunny. Hop in the
bunny.
Our whole team at Air Crush is rocking
out to the
[Music]
track.
Another crazy
idea. Where's the
uh I can never find the video. Oh no,
there we go.
I downloaded some of these.
Clear. Form up on me.
Got contact. Yeah, we got two bogeies on
the west side of the barn. Looks like a
heavy machine gun unit and some
infantry. [__] there's a sniper in the
barn. Good thing he doesn't see us yet.
[__] noobs. Okay, here's the plan. On
the count of three, you take out that
sniper. The bears and my uncle have the
machine gunners.
Got that? Mom. The bears. Mom, can I
have a sandwich?
I don't know. Peanut butter and jelly.
[__] Christ. The bear. This is
Wait. I was m Oh my god.
Yeah. Rev Trevor Moore.
I keep saying like, "Why do you have to
go before the second Trump presidency?
We could have used him quite a bit." Oh
my god. Mom, can I have a sandwich?
Hold
[Music]
up. Mom, can I have a
sandwich? Do I have
in the morning. Mom, can I have a
sandwich?
Mom, can I have a sandwich? No.
Mom, can I have a sandwich?
No. Mom, can I have a sandwich? No. Oh
my god.
No. Oh my god.
Sandwich. Oh
my Oh my
[Music]
god. Oh my god.
Oh my
[Music]
Oh my god.
Mom, can I have a sandwich? No.
No. Oh my
god. No. Oh my god. Oh my.
Mom, can I have a sandwich? No.
Mom, can I have a sandwich? No. Oh my
god. No. Oh my god.
[Music]
And then we do uh
song about life.
Oh my god.
Can I have a sandwich? No. Oh my god.
Mom, can I have a sandwich? Put Kodak
on. It looks like it's a phone call.
Mom, can I have a sandwich?
That's Karma, not Kodak. Mom, can I have
a sandwich? No. Oh my god.
Mom, can I have a sandwich? No. Mom, can
I have a sandwich? No. Oh my. Mom, can I
have a sandwich? No. Oh
my Oh my god.
There we go.
Bunny. Mom, can I have a sandwich? No.
Oh my
god. This is [__]
crazy. All
right, try this. Our whole team at Air
is rocking out the track.
[Music]
you.
Annoying [__] beam.
Yo yo
[Music]
yo yo yo yo yo yo
[Applause]
yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
[Music]
bunny.
Now, can I have a sandwich? No. Oh my
god.
[Music]
and drop the anchor. She
scream murder.
Oh my god, this is [__] crazy.
Do I have
a do I have
uh this and I need
like that's where this is from by the
way.
[Music]
And we have
uh that's kind of nice.
[Music]
Drop the ship and drop the
girl for murder.
[Music]
Right there. That's good.
Today you
[Music]
know in the wild.
Annoying
[Music]
[__] Annoying [__]
Can I get like a
[Music]
Annoying. Annoying
[__]
Annoying.
Annoying. Annoying.
[Music]
Annoying.
Annoying. I'm going to do something
funny.
[Music]
Hello. Serum
2. Thank you.
[Music]
Cool. Let's put a limiter on this. We're
going to need it where we're
[Music]
going. Good.
Where to
begin? I
[Music]
know.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
No, I didn't invent hard style or or raw
style, but yeah.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat. Heat.
Heat. Heat.
Heat.
[Applause]
Heat. Heat.
Oh, what the [__] is that?
Oh, it's like self modulating so much.
[Music]
A
hey
[Music]
every down a
Hey, hey, hey.
[Music]
annoying.
I'm a giant
[Music]
annoying.
Annoying. Annoying.
annoying. I can make it stutter.
[Music]
I want to try something really stupid
and see what happens.
Push it further. Push it further.
[Music]
Murder. Push it further. Murdering.
That's a
little Hold on. We can Let's make them
compliment each other instead.
[Music]
The
shower pull you over.
[Music]
Yoow. Black.
Down down down
down
[Music]
down down
down down down down down.
[Music]
This is [__] What the hell is
happening?
[Music]
Down down down
down annoying.
It's like the most annoying song I could
ever make in my life. I love
it. We have to make the most annoying
song possible.
[Music]
Okay, let me I get as another dishy
sample. We're doing another dishy
sample. Was it this one? What is it?
There we go. Wow.
Mom, can I have a sandwich? No. Oh my
god.
[Music]
I said push it further.
We get
[Music]
the
annoying. Wow.
[Music]
Wow.
Wow. Wow.
This is the most Yeah. most anti-rator
music song of all time.
Our whole team at Air Crush is rocking
out track.
[Music]
Yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo you.
Annoying [__]
[Music]
beam. Yo yo yo yo yo.
Blackunn.
[Music]
[Applause]
Mom, can I have a sandwich? No. Oh my
god.
off pull
over bend over the ship and drop the
anchor scream. I said push it further
push further murder at that time you
[Music]
know annoying
Oh no, I have another idea.
[Music]
Annoying [__] beam.
Up in the
wild. Up in the wild.
[Music]
Annoying [__] beam.
Annoying [__] beam. Yo yo yo
[Music]
yo yo yo yo yo yo
[Applause]
yo Yeah.
[Music]
Seduct seductive turtle being seductive
in the seductive nature. As they go to
their males, they seductively seduce
them.
Guys, welcome to Seductive Turtle 2.
Seductive in the nature being seductive
in the seductive nature. As they go to
their males, they seductively seduce
them. But as they get babies, they eat
them. By the time they are done eating,
they search for another male to eat
seductively. That concludes the
seductive turtle. Please be careful.
They're
everywhere. Seductive in the nature
being seductive in the seductive nature.
As they go to their males, they
seductively seduce them. But as they get
babies, they eat them. By
that they get babies, they eat them.
[Music]
Seductive turtle go to their seduce
them. But as they get
[Music]
babies, seductive in the nature being
seductive, seductive turtle turtle in
the nature being seductive in the
seductive nature. As they go to their
males, they seductively seduce them. But
as they get babies, they eat them. By
the time they are done eating, they
search for another male to eat
seductively. That concludes the
seductive turtle. Please be careful.
They're everywhere. Seductive turtles.
If you if you engage in wood, please
call your doctor.
99999. They're everywhere. Seductive
turtles. If you if you engage in
what seductive turtle in the nature
being seductive in the seductive
seductive
turtle seductive turtle in the nature
being sed sed sed sed sed sed sed sed
sed sed seductive in the seductive
nature as they go to their males they
seductively seduce them but as they get
they get babies they eat them by the
time they are done search for another
male to eat sately that concludes the
seductive turtle timing seductive turtle
In the nature being turtle in the nature
being
seductive seductive turtle in the nature
being seductive in the sective nature.
Seductive turtle in the nature being
seductive in the seductive nature. As
they go to their males they seductively
seduce them. But as they get babies they
eat them. By the
time babies they eat them. By the time
they seduce them, but as they get
babies, they eat them. They are done
eating. By the time they are done
eating, but as they get babies, they eat
them. By the time they are done eating,
the nature get babies. They eat them. By
the time they are done eating, they
search for another male to eat
seductively. That concludes the
seductive turtle. Please be careful.
They're everywhere. So Dr. Turtles, if
you if you engage in wood, please call
your doctor.
[Music]
99999, Dr. Turtle. Turtle.
Turtle.
Turtle
turtle seductive deductive males. But as
by the time they are for another male to
eat, that concludes the seductive
turtle99 turtle
beam. Turtle beam turtle
beam9 turtle beam.
[Music]
Seductive turtle in the nature being
seductive in the seductive nature. As
they go to their males, they seductively
seduce them. But as they get babies,
they eat them. By the time they are done
eating, they search for another male to
eat seductively. That concludes the
seductive turtle. Please be careful.
They're everywhere. Seductive turtles,
if you if you engage in wood, please
call your
doctor99. Annoying turtle.
[Music]
Yo yo yo
[Applause]
yo yo yo yo yo.
[Music]
Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo.
Yeah. Yo yo yo.
[Music]
Yep. down.
Yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo. Yo
[Music]
yo yo yo yo
yo
[Music]
yo yo yo yo y
Blackow yo. Yo yo
yo
[Music]
yo yo yo.
Yo yo yo yo
[Applause]
yo yo yo yo
[Music]
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo.
Wait,
wait. Does she tags
again? every day of my life.
That actually happened to a treacherous
friend of mine.
friend of mine. That actually happened
to a treacherous friend of
mine.
Our whole team at Air Crush is rocking
out your track.
[Music]
you.
Annoying [__] beam. Yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo
[Applause]
[Music]
Bunny.
Mom, can I have a sandwich? No. Oh my
god.
[Music]
the ship and drop the anchor
scream murder at that time. You know
it's all
[Music]
over annoying.
Wow.
[Music]
Seductive turtle in the nature being
seductive in the seductive nature. As
they go to their males, they seductively
seduce them. But as they get babies,
they eat them. By the time they are done
eating, they search for another male to
eat seductively. That concludes the
seductive turtle. Please be careful.
They're everywhere. So Dr. Turtles, if
you if you engage in blood, please call
your
[Music]
doctor999 turtle.
Yo yo yo
[Applause]
yo yo yo yo yo yo
[Music]
yo yo
that actually happened to a treacherous
friend of mine.
Okay, well that's music. Uh why I just
rename this to annoying turtle
beam. That's
fun. Very rough. Very un whatever, but
I'll just just for fun.
Daddy said it was insane. It was like
the anti-perfection song. It's like
everything is like really rough. Nothing
makes any sense. The transitions [__]
suck. There's no continuity between
anything, but it's
fun. This is This is what fun is. It's
actually great cuz I when I've been
working a lot, I'm always like really
serious. I'm like, "Oh, I have to do
this thing for this thing and this thing
for this thing." And like I've already
written a bunch of stuff down for all
this and I have to like figure this all
out and like execute some ideas that I
have. I haven't really been making like
super fun music a lot lately. So, it's
like I get to make some weird ass stupid
It's It's exporting a
video. I need to know what the video is.
It's just going to be the clips where I
use the video.
Hold on. I'm going to be right back
while I while it while it exports. Give
me a second.
Is it still? This video is not going to
be worth
it. Daddy said Ababa.
Ababa.
Yeah. Okay.
Let's find out.
Our whole team at Air Crush is rocking
out the track.
[Music]
you. Annoying [__] beam.
Yo yo
[Music]
yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo
[Music]
yo yo yo yo yo yo Y
Oh my god.
Why is it so small? Why so small? Why is
it so
[Music]
Can I have a sandwich?
Oh my god.
[Music]
Bend over the ship and drop the anchor.
She screamur.
[Music]
Oh wow.
annoying.
[Music]
Seductive turtle in the nature being
seductive in the seductive nature. As
they go to their males, they seductively
seduce them. But as they get babies,
they eat them. By the time they are done
eating, they search for another male to
eat seductively. That concludes the
seductive turtle. Please be careful.
They're everywhere. Seductive turtles,
if you if you engage in wood, please
call your
[Music]
doctor999 turtle.
Yo yo yo yo
[Applause]
yo yo yo yo yo
[Music]
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo.
That actually happened to a treacherous
friend of mine.
Oh, wow. That Wow. It was just that one
part.
[Music]
Mom, can I have a sandwich? No. Oh my
god.
How do how do we write this song,
guys? Remember how we were doing this
earlier?
Let me just like make this a little bit
longer.
[Music]
Sure, why
not?
Wowza. Well, that was that was our that
was our music apparently. Good work,
every Wow.
Daddy said that was music.
That was That was music.
Yo.
[Music]
Yes. Yes.
Yes. the
[Music]
video. That is
okay. That is okay.
Busted down sunny
style.
Wow. Where my videos?
Okay.
Okay. Okay.
[Music]
It's so whatever.
Whatever. Whatever.
Cheeto kitty.
Cheeto.
Chicken
jockey. I actually I did see the movie
and there is a chicken jockey and people
said it.
Chicken jockey.
[Music]
That's really nice.
Yay.
Yay. That [__] wolf that I hate.
That [__] wolf that I hate. What?
That [__] wolf that I hate.
Yay. So jolly.
That [__] wolf that I hate. What?
Wait, do I have the Where's my Where's
my audio drama? Here it is. Well, I am
hitting the grittier. Ara, stop. You're
embarrassing me. The top five videos
taught me how. Well, she really
shouldn't have. I think I'm really
getting the hang of it.
Aren't I having a
true Arya loves hitting the gritty?
Hitting the video.
Oh, wait. I'm in a demo called Arya's
Day. Arya's vacation. It was this one.
Welcome to the
hotel. How good your vacation
is. Oh.
Oh.
[Music]
Sure. You know what? If I caterpillar
shopping cart from
[Music]
2018 shopping cart, the weekend is here.
It's a beautiful day to eat some grass.
Caterpillar shopping cart father of
two play his saxophone to praise the
day but life has been so down lately
crying in pain
[Music]
like sure if you want
but life has been so down lately crying
in pain backlash
backslash. Oh, caterpillar shopping
cart, right?
Sad. Got to go. There's a bee in my
room.
Vietnacular. Is that it? Is that all you
wanted?
Just want a caterpillar shopping
cart. Why do I have a file called God
help us
all?
Oh, I remember
now.
[Music]
Sure. Like whatever. The Violet Pony
movie trailer. Oh, wait.
[Music]
Play it first on Xbox One with EA
Access.
Xbox One with EA Access.
Daddy said good.
It's just
like happy new year's Xbox. Happy New
Year's Xbox. Screaming in public
restrooms. Pray.
That's good. That's good.
Oh, wait. You remember
this?
Kitty. Uh.
My eyes are open forever.
I like this one. I'm a fan of this one.
Here
woman my
things take Earth toy for children.
No, no, no.
Ronut toy for Ronuts. I know, I know.
Ronut toy for Ronuts.
Yes, yes, yes, yeah, yeah,
yeah. I'm going through my items.
We have it in HD, by the
way. Here's a fun fact. I recently found
a work in progress tracklist for Mystic
Acoustics from
like 8 years
ago. I don't I don't exactly remember
what all these titles were supposed to
mean. What is the difference here? Cuz
we forewarning isn't
here. But something called silence
is there's three songs with the at the
beginning of them in a row.
Recession's gone. What do we What do we
What do we What did we bring in
here? The watch is still there. Fall of
the
Empire is not
here. The The
trilogy.
Uh, inequality is there, deception's
there, death whisper. Death whisper
coming before Cadence for the dying
makes no sense story-wise. This is
funny. Treachery unwound cover. Yeah.
Why the [__] is treachery all the way
over there is my
question. Huh? Yeah. I don't
know. It's It's a
thing. It's a thought.
Oh, you guys like
this. Daddy said, "Okay."
Isn't it great? It fell.
It's like completely just the wrong
way. Oh, you know what we should do? We
should do the we should do the bad
Google translation song lyrics. Okay,
guys. Somebody request a song and we'll
translate it through Google Translate a
million times. It lay down. It was
sleeping.
The
flag
Hold
on.
Let's It should be a song that has a
like quite a bit of
[Applause]
lyrics. It should be a Violet Pony song.
By the
way, I should
mention I did the Hush intro a bit ago,
I think.
Veron pony only.
What the hell are you saying to me?
Veron pony. I don't think we're doing
princess
cookie. Isometrica. How many lyrics are
in
isometrica? Yeah, let's let's
let's do isometrica. This will be fun.
There's a lot of like nuanced idioms in
this
one. So, we translate just like this.
All right, back to English. So, this is
isometrica. It's
great. Sing a song about life. Oh my
god. Wait, it
stayed. Talk. Sing a song about life
part. Hey, stop laughing and slap
yourself in the face. I'm tired enough
to run because you know you did it. You
did it. You did it. Step on the gas.
Isometric push and pull and change and
erase the past. Oh, you did. You know
that you shouldn't waste space despite
everything. It's so beautiful. Don't you
understand why you did this to me? Just
like that. So, don't worry. Don't worry.
Oh, you made me the criminal you wanted
me to be. I'll offer an explanation for
this pain. Suffering. Isometric. Listen
to my heart. We thought we were making a
new beginning. Don't call me again. No
more searching or searching.
Class preparation. This led to
suicide. Where the [__] did these
bracket Yeah. Where do these brackets
come
from? Class preparation. This led to
suicide. But now you're just an empty
hell. What do you want to be? I'm so
much better than you. Then keep quiet.
If you hate me, stay here. Then my life
will be even harder for you. Part. This
is a showand tell game. Heaven, you're
hell. I'm glad you lied to me because I
can already tell you that I'm alive. Did
your mother teach you to write a letter?
Surprised? I I attended your funeral and
tried to console you. At least you can
apologize and wish me luck instead of
examining my soul. Cuz I don't write. Is
this good car? Better. Very nice car.
You're playing the role of the best guy
because you beat him. Yes. The sun rises
every day with or without you. Then
introduce yourself and apologize.
Prevention. Why do you call me
gay? Why do you call me gay?
Is Why do you call me gay? Is magic
healing just magic? If you put yourself
first and come on, let me celebrate my
misfortune. You have to be respectful,
he said. So why not? Do you really think
that the hair the air will change
anything? You're a fool. What a fool you
are, you idiot. Class preparation. love
me to suicide. But now you are just an
empty shell. What do you want to be?
Sometimes I am a little jealous.
Sometimes I am a little jealous. That is
not important to do. Why do you call me
gay? Is magic healing just magic? You
put yourself first and come on, let me
celebrate my misfortune. You have to be
respectful, he said. So why not? Do you
really think the air will change
anything? What a fool you are. Above
Queen Chrysis, don't think about
revenge. This is also close to something
I will
This is also close to something I will
do for you one day. Thank January 9th,
2010. Thanks for watching our video.
Wait, is that the correct
date? Yeah, it
is. Thanks for watching our video. Well,
we just I hope
you're I hope you're scared. It takes
effort. Also, watch the clip below. May
12th, 2011. What should I do? What
should I do? What should I do? What
should I do?
This is This is the what about me? This
is the what about me. What should I do?
What should I do? What should I do? What
should I do? What should I do? What
should I
do? May 12th, 2011. We've been waiting
here for 2 days. That's not true. We've
only been waiting for half an hour,
about 2 minutes. It's a very nice car.
This This is the beta version.
Very nice car. Isn't it a nice car? Izzy
18 May 20. Okay.
No, we got him. Why do Okay. Paper
[Music]
paper. Paper clock. Paper clock. And
then I'm Gary Steinberg. Don't look at
him. The twins in the room. Everybody,
wherever you are, come and look at the
Come and look at the twins in the room.
Ma'am, are you okay? That's not true.
What's What's
Elmo? Is that Elmo? Is that a bath
towel? Sorry. Can
we Can we just Daddy said, "Well, what
should I
do?" Like, sure, dude.
I should I for everyone who wasn't here
the last time that I did this, I should
probably read the
uh I should probably read the one I did
for Sludge. Yeah.
Yeah. Oh
no. I don't know where it
went cuz my OCR is not
working. [__] I want to see if I can
find
it. Oh, that's a spoiler. That's a
spoiler. How long ago? That was like a
month and a half ago
surely that I got
this. We need to do
this. That's
Pepsi. That's Is that
it? No, that's Hush.
Huh? What was that?
Uh, I have the I have a translation
of the the Christmas song we did this
year.
I don't know if anyone remembers it the
lyrics for it, but here
is here is here is uh the the the Jingle
Bells as performed by the Pilcord
uh Squadron seasonal
choir, but it's Google
translated. That's it. Show me Dylan's
beautiful outfit. Know what you want?
Cocoon mother as a result.
Oh, as a result, auto shops conducted an
internal
investigation. Your pages will run
faster. Which water
is which water is better?
Today's
Today's Today's song is to today's
today's song is # tootbeat. Ah, I am a
woman. I am a woman. It's always
Pringles. Ah, dying is good.
Thank you. 328 brothers. Everything.
Everything. That's where Billford found
it. That's right. Show me Dylan's
beautiful outfit. It's already a record.
Include the stream if you have one. I
cried in the middle of the night. Play
the well song. It's all red carpet. Raw
material requirements. Place the bottle
in an open area. Then take the beef. Oh,
I'm Greek. I'm
Greek. Guonus. Forgive me. Well, it's
farm machinery. I chose this airplane.
Yay. Location. Location. Go to the
beach. Oh, that's right. Dylan was
right. Oh, that's right. Arya's door is
open. And the ending is if you know what
I mean. My name is Kirk. Shut up, if you
know what I
mean. But where the [__] is
Sledge? Oh, here it is. Okay, we got it.
We got it. Here comes
Sludge. This is Sludge as Google
Translate wanted to tell it. It's really
good. Part one. Funerals, last wishes,
and final moments. First edition. Am I
the master of my own destiny or this
blank card? Cemeteries have always been
my subject. Damn
bureaucracy. News and snake oil burn
fingers. Major publication central. They
are inexperienced pastors.
Mixing mixing particles is a sin. Second
edition. All innocent people have lost
their lives. Safety and
prevention. Equal opportunities in the
program. Check out this simple plan.
Life is without pain. It's
about It's about traditional death
rituals. Students whose confidence is
waning. The disease was cured by
starvation
therapy.
Out
outrage schedule. Outrage schedule.
Outrage schedule. Outrage
schedule. Episode two. Water turns blue.
Rain. Alcohol is the root cause. Alcohol
is the root cause. Alcohol is the root
cause. Alcohol is the root cause.
Alcohol is the root cause. Alcohol is
the root cause. Alcohol is the root
cause. Alcohol is the root cause.
Alcohol is the root cause. Alcohol is
the root cause. Alcohol is the root
cause. Alcohol is the root cause.
Alcohol is the root cause. Alcohol is
the root cause. Alcohol is the root
cause. Rivers flow from
rivers. Alcohol is the root cause. Part
three.
Part
Part three. Big
balls. Part three. Big balls. Brother, I
smell cigarettes before you blew my last
breath. Respect death and preserve my
virtue. Light poured out of me, filling
every crevice, skin and fire. Pray for
every hour you waste. The idea is a
thrill. Oh joy. Oh, because wherever you
go, I'll be
there.
Hello, rain. Flowers blooming in my
veins. He smelled the rain. Please stop
the rain. I used a prop machine. Enter
the land. Bones should be crushed when
collected. I like
something. I like
something. I
I There was no one else there but the
boy in front of me. My
boy. After the performance, this type of
bullying is tolerated. It is designed to
clear all your doubts. Once you delete
it, let it go temporarily.
Otherwise, otherwise death is not
legal. Large cut flowers. The famine
fueled conspiracy
theories. Build a solid methodological
foundation to achieve your
goals. Why is this like a sludge
PowerPoint? Okay, hold your thoughts for
now. Episode four, get bitten by a wolf.
Tool. Chapter 5. Now it's a night night
worse than death. Love and healing the
loss. First edition. Cardboard
wings. Potatoes and
fiber. Second edition. They make me
angry. He was angry. Dirty four. They
grab my pudding. They wrapped my
lips. I made it
wrapped. Who's angry? Except and wait.
Sorry. Chorus 4. Accept and
live. Okay, hold
on. Chorus 4
ex accept and live with the confusion.
Hell, even my breath
was dirty three. Sorry, I'm back at
33. I don't Sorry. Okay, try
again. Part
six. Go to hell, you sinners. Rain. You
cursed someone sinner.
It's It's supposed to say wolf's hell.
It's supposed to say wolf's hell. It's
supposed to say wolf's
house. Fool's laugh. Fool's
laugh. Part seven. Taking care duel.
Episode 8. Little lamb crying wolf
brother.
Ah. Ah. I see a bright light in the
distance. Oh, I feel love. When do I
leave my body for the night? A strange
and quiet voice called my name.
Rain.
Ah. Ah. The
wolf. Ah. The wolf. Ah. Aha. The wolf.
Am I not giving this pain a purpose? You
will be mine at the end of the day. Part
nine. How to beat monsters.
Rain. When you open your head, say hello
to someone. Before you know, someone who
touches their
heart. Episode 10. Episode 10. Deadly
mistakes or how to save
animals. Tool. Episode 11. After the
demon reclaims the body.
Ram. Ram says, "Serve again. Live
forever." Tool.
Come back,
please. Part 12. Her old body was
broken, tortured, and literally
destroyed. Those were the last words he
heard. Fool's laugh. Fool's laugh.
Fool's laugh. Episode 13. The first time
I was seriously
arrested. Tool.
Just just just wow. Like I just
wow. Oops. Sorry. Get the thing out of
the
way. The first time I was seriously
arrested. [__]
Wow. The That was a favor. Okay. Someone
give me I croed. I croed. Someone give
me another violet pod someone to
translate.
[__] Do the wallflower
equation. Are there enough lyrics in
Wallfire equation for it to be
funny? We can try Wallfire equation. I
don't feel like it's going to leave a
lot for us to look at, but let's try it.
It could be the greatest thing in
history. Who knows?
I'm in like pain. Just alcohol is the
root
cause. What did that
say?
Okay. Sorry. Sorry. What?
Daddy said want the robe. What the [__]
Where did that come
from? Okay, sure. Whatever you
want. Oh god. Oh god. Okay,
Danish. Okay.
Okay.
available. Light a
fire. Who's jumping on
scridge? Sincerely. Oh, the series blood
red sky one. The sky rolled. Let the Let
the parrot's eyes
shine.
Snakes. That's the wrong animal. Okay.
Okay.
Okay. Why is it like switched to all the
animals around? Night was falling. I
know how it feels. The dog warned me.
It's the crow. Did crow become parrots
and then it went up
here and then there there was there
there is a line. Wait, hold on.
I said there's a crow, there's wolves,
vulture, is
there's no mention of snake
anywhere.
Okay, come back. The storm is coming as
their distributor.
Introduction to the lecture. I ended
this madness with a quick blow. Now
nine-letter
words. The nineletter words gathered in
front of me. Playfully destroyed by
drones and criminals. Your health, your
happiness.
Nobody. Only horses. Pray that everyone
will know about their termination. The
taste of blood and flesh. I will be a
yellow singer. They are not brave
children. So you forgot the blood.
Series burn flowers in the wall.
Loneliness gives strength. No material.
Two. Let's get together. He treated me
like a pig and necessarily evil. So it's
yours. Ah. And you laugh. This group is
for you. Stupid
boy. No material.
Now he said,
"Bro,
bro, where the [__] did it get this
from?" It translated bridge to
bro. Okay, he was hurt. I have sinned
against you. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh.
Oh. Who are you? Who are you? Only the
artist. Just pictures. Haha. Good.
Destroy you. People laughing. He's just
a man. Yes. Yes. My life is over.
Destroy you. I will kill you for this.
And to do this, you you need to warm
up.
Unrem. Okay. Just Well,
you know what? Thanks for suggesting
wallfire equation cuz like what the hell
was that?
Bro, the wolf house.
Let the parrots eyes shine.
Please do a top five videos next. Oh,
you know what? Well, this is a great
time to learn about the Violet Wiki,
which has all the wiki.
Okay.
We can go to top five videos which
is I can read. There we go.
Sorry. Let's go to top five videos
one. We have the entire sc or do I have
the entire
script? Is the script done for this
one? Let's try
10. I thought we had the scripts for
this. I might be missing it.
Yeah, let's add
transcripts. Oh, wrong wrong. Wait.
It's
confused.
Oh, there we
go. Okay, let's translate all of top
five videos. One, two. Why not? What do
we got to lose
here? This is going to be something.
I might end stream after this. It's
starting to get kind of tired. Said they
didn't paste the whole thing. I should
have what what
what I I don't know what's going on.
We'll just We We're about to see what
happens.
Okay, I don't
even stay here. It won't do any harm. We
are not afraid. Good
morning. The video is there. Watch a
movie sitting on your doorstep. In this
video, I'm going to
In this video, I'm going to introduce
you to the to the clock ped from nearby
shops. They were using this to trap me.
Great song. Go to war for being
stubborn. Aluminum wire, my friend. Your
name is at the top of the
page. Oh,
it's the top five. I wish you the best
if you want to live. Love, think, share.
Don't forget to click subscribe. Please
take care of this. Please take the
money. I made a paper. I made a paper.
You should watch it again. Am I missing
something? We need to understand this
better. Haha. Add quality content to
your blog. Your time has come. Double
taxation. What the
[__]
Double
double taxation as at the four.
What? No problem. Oil. Oil spilled on a
5-year-old road. I have a fat on my
stomach and a stubborn fat in my legs,
too.
What? What?
What? Crude
oil.
Okay. He smiled at Tesco and asked him
to He smiled at Tesco and asked him to
make a pesto sauce. So, I drowned.
So, I drowned while swimming and playing
as a child. I only know how to cook in a
microwave. Hello and welcome to Top
Five. One, two. Well, the longer you
wait, the closer you get. Lord
Tiberious. Lord Tiberius, I don't mean
to scare you, but the darkness is
rising, cried Tyiverius. Yeah, if Alia
is that Arya says so, then she can take
care of you now since you said so. Yes,
yes, yes. Who doesn't have a who doesn't
have a lot of videos? Lord Crank Lord
Crank Tiberius sides angrily. First, let
me tell everyone how I ended up in
prison. Do you really need those things?
Tiberious broke down. You can come back
if you want.
Video
five. Sorry. Well, a year ago, I was
sitting in my kitchen opening a can of
spaghetti when the world opened up and
Grammy When the world opened up and
Grammic Tiberius knocked me unconscious.
The broken king
Trius. Darth Vader isn't even
in. This isn't even the one with Darth
Vader. Where did Vader come from?
Vader is the most powerful being being
in the universe. It's my job to protect
and
cleanse. It's my job to protect and
cleanse everything he
does. Video five. Yes, this is not a
real car. Nobody cares. You may be
worried that I
Yes, this is not a real car. Nobody
cares. You may be worried that I've
repeated the flow of the
creek. Why? I'm disappointed first. Oh,
top five videos. One, two, news via
Cheeit news. Top five videos. You may
remember when Tommy Banana from Cheezit
News promoted his miracle hand cream a
few years ago. Video
video five comment. The video shows the
fall of the Corbellian and the and
presents the first evidence available so
far.
Hey, hey, Bob Bananas, nephew of Tommy
Bananas. Are you happy? Thank you all
Bobby Bananas. Thank you for playing.
What if we could create portable
structures that could prevent buildings
from
collapsing? Oh, part two. OMG. OMG. OMG.
OMG. The video is only churches.
[Music]
The video is only
churches 120x 120 mm. 120 x 120 mm
CF012 lb one of each. Can you call
yourself a professional designer without
a King 120 x 120 mm white jacket?
Who really
needs who really needs Inanda? She
starts screaming as the curiosity
grows. Who really needs Ananda? She
starts screaming as the curiosity grows.
Yes, you heard right. 911 is over. Top
five video. My
favorite. Oh, wait.
Daddy said, "OMG."
Oh, wait. This is This is the cor this
is correct. Did it wrong.
Okay, I'll translate this and then we'll
be
done. I'm [__] losing my mind over
this.
What's crazy is we used to be able to do
this a lot back in the day and then they
like fixed it where you couldn't do this
anymore. It was like really sad.
But I I found out recently that they
it's bad again. So it
works. Today's video is Spongebob
episode 4.
I don't know much about Star Wars,
but seems to be based on one of the most
famous battles in history, the fight
between Luke Skywalker and R2-D2. R2-D2
originally started as a main character
in the popular video game Overwatch. He
hasn't missed an update since returning
to Star Wars. Episode 4, Overwatch.
Unfortunately, poor York andor Luke
Skywalker. My account is not working
properly, so I'm trying to upgrade to a
new vehicle. R2-D2 is a fan favor, but
Luke Skywalker's famous line, I'm going
to put
Gambit in an industrial oven for 72
hours and kill him doesn't really fit
with
R2-D2. After all, everyone loves a good
story with Luke Skywalker. Oh, and C3PO
and the sunshine that knows where you
are every day. You don't know how
serious the situation is. Video for
catching everything. Pokedex reviews
starts
laughing. First five videos, waiting for
the second coming of my life. I've been
waiting for you that day. Oh, all my
life. Chapter five
videos. Jesus Christ, the son of God.
Jesus Christ, the son of God, is back to
tell you about D Pokemon and the
principles of evolution. Why next year's
iPhone will be cheaper than last year's
Jesus? The evolution of stories and what
can we say about Pokmon? Jesus
Ruboca video 44. Come on, let's talk.
Uh, no, let's go by
bike. What?
First five videos. Oh, famous
ghost. Isn't Sir Tiberius a ghost?
Tiberious cross. I am a devil of hell
and also the power of confinement. Hey,
stop. I tried to make this video. Video
one. Jesus wants to show us where that
that there is a big church
everywhere. Trailers cause price
fluctuations in all major markets and
iPhones are more expensive than mine.
So, you are the way, the truth, the
light. The Pokemon Dex app is one of the
apps Jesus wants to know about. If you
don't have fundraising, you won't be in
the top five. How many videos does my
business have? 1 2 3 4 5 + 5 -
5. Top five videos, too. Of course.
Maruka Harlem.
Daddy said what? Oh, that's supposed to
be a Mara. Maruka Harlem.
Yay. Mara Harlem cocktail 2013. Oh my
gosh. Thursday. Mara Harlem Division
dance for you. What happened in 2013?
And now
this and now this cat is dancing for
you. As always,
this this insect video is about mitosis
because the more you read, the more you
understand. What's better than turkey?
In 2013, Harlem cotton was inspired by
Harlem
The Harlem cocktail party in 2013. Let's
bow. 1 2 3 4 5 laughs. Nothing more.
Nothing less. A pleasant surprise. Five
videos for you. Five. Five for you. This
decision is so meaningful that it will
stay with me forever. It is something
eternal and unchanging. What do you
think of
Tiberius? Mr. Tiberius, I'm at a dinner
party. Does this mean you're leaving my
house? No.
How did bees become
wolves? The wolves are trying to regain
control. Yes, I don't understand what
you're saying, but thanks for the
video. Battery acid. You'll have plenty
of time. Don't forget to fill your back
pocket with cookies. Sucks. And fill
your cup with X spray. Enjoy. See you
next
time. We'll have to talk about this
later. Emotions of
angering. Oh my
god. Sav said that was something.
Mhm. Wow.
Why don't
we I think I'm about to end stream, but
before we do, why don't we listen to
Annoying Turtle Beam one last time,
guys,
with the video.
Our whole team at Air Crush is rocking
out the track.
[Music]
Annoying [__] beam.
[Applause]
[Music]
Blacko yo yo yo yo yo yo.
In the
[Music]
wild, can I have a sandwich? No. Oh my
god.
[Music]
The
girl pushuring.
[Music]
Wow.
Seductive turtle in the nature being
seductive in the seductive nature. As
they go to their males, they seductively
seduce them. But as they get babies,
they eat them. By the time they are done
eating, they search for another male to
eat seductively. That concludes the
seductive turtle. Please be careful.
They're everywhere. Seductive turtles.
If you if you engage it would please
call your doctor999.
[Music]
Yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo.
That actually happened to a treacherous
friend of mine.
Damn. Fun fun music. Everyone had a
great time making that.
Uh we will we done now. Thanks for
coming to the
stream. Uh
good. It's it's good.
Getting in in the mood to make music.
It's very
good.
Okay. Bye. Yeah. Yeah.